it's two o'clock in the morning and the
vets are woken to take a look at one of
the pregnant females who seems a little
agitated
lelee a seventeen-year-old has in the
past only given birth to stillborns or
young that have died within days
it seems she may be about to produce the
first cup of the season
[Music]
there is enormous relief when she gives
birth to a healthy baby some panda
mothers are frightened by all the fuss
and panic or refused to accept their
newborn cubs but Lele cradles hers with
her first baby cub already suckling
second she can't deal with them both
so the second cub is taken to a warm
incubator
newborns weigh little over a hundred
grams so the next 10 days will be
critical